Promote uv in installation guides (#14056)
astral-sh/ruff: README.md

Ruff is available as [`ruff`](https://pypi.org/project/ruff/) on PyPI:

```shell
# With uv.

> uv tool install ruff  # Global
> uv add --dev ruff  # Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uv add --dev ruff     # to add ruff to your project
uv tool install ruff  # to install ruff globally
```
